hi everyone this is sandy welcome to
easy cooking so today's recipe was sent
to me by one of my lovely subscribers
her name is okie ham my dear aquiline
thank you so much for your recipe I
really loved it so today I'm going to be
sharing with you
octagons amazing recipe is a bread salad
really easy to make and use vegan
delicious sorry hope you enjoy this
recipe the preparation time is less than
15 minutes let's get started let's go
through the ingredients we need 100
grams of bread I'll be using four pita
bread I'm going to be using two of them
for this salad and I'm going to be using
the other two for garnish we also need
three green onions 1 medium cucumber 1
yellow bell pepper 100 grams of cherry
tomatoes one minced garlic clove 1
tablespoon of fresh mint finely chopped
1 tablespoon of fresh parsley also
chopped 1 tablespoon of fresh cilantro
finely chopped 3 tablespoons of lemon
juice 2 tablespoons of orange juice 2
tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil 6
tablespoons of chicken broth salt and
black pepper to taste plus a quarter of
a teaspoon of granulated sugar let's get
started preheat the oven to 400 degrees
Fahrenheit cut the bread into bite-size
pieces as you can see my pieces are kind
of large that's the way I want them to
be if you want you can make them smaller
place the bread on a baking sheet and
brush it with some olive oil the recipe
says to brush it with lemon juice but I
want it to get nice and browned so
instead of the lemon juice I'll brush it
with some olive oil then place it in the
oven and bake at 400 degrees Fahrenheit
for about 8 minutes or until golden
brown
to make the dressing combine the garlic
with the parsley cilantro and mint
seasoned with salt and black pepper to
taste I read about a half a teaspoon of
each
and also add in a quarter of a teaspoon
of granulated sugar mix well and add in
the extra virgin olive oil the orange
juice the chicken broth and one
tablespoon of lemon juice mix well on
the well combined and set aside until
you're ready to use it wash all the
vegetables before using them cut the
onions into rings and place them in a
large bowl cut a cucumber lengthwise in
half then remove the seeds they
encourage half in half and then cut them
into small pieces place them in the same
container with the onions remove the
stem may in some seeds from the bell
pepper and also cut it into small pieces
about the same size as a cucumber pieces
place them in the same ball with the
cucumbers now cut the cherry tomatoes in
half place them in the bowl with the
rest of the vegetables and toss
everything together
now get a dressing give it a good stir
and I'd have to dress into the
vegetables toss your salad once again
taste the flavor and add any salt and
pepper if needed top the salad with the
bread pieces and add two more
tablespoons of the dressing over the
bread and also add in one more
tablespoon of the remaining lemon juice
give everything one last dose and that's
about it
do you ready to serve I'm going to be
serving my salad over bread slices add
more dressing and lemon juice if needed
and garnish with more fresh parsley and
that's it enjoy I really hope you like
this video to bring this and some other
delicious recipes please don't forget to
visit my blog and don't forget to
subscribe to be notified of future
updates thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you next time bye bye
you